The law firm Jacobson Moore
hid documents that could've
taken opioids off the market.
My dad told me to get rid of the study.
That's shae banfield.
Jacobson Moore's
in-house jury consultant.
a legit human lie detector.
The law firm Lamar
and Olson want to merge
with very favorable terms.
This form states that I still work for you.
I'm not giving Sarah her job back.
I'm looking to beef up my team.
and I believe in second chances.
So. let me see that form.
I followed you back to the brownstone.
and I saw you give her the study.
We have to turn Julian in.
He is ready to take me down with him.
Okay. we'll lay a trap for him.
Or... we tell him the truth.
- What the hell is going on?
- My name isn't Matty Matlock.
I'm Madeline Kingston.
I am the reason for everything.
because the study you hid
could've saved my daughter's life.
I... I don't understand.
Your daughter died in a car accident.
No.
Matty Matlock's daughter
died in a car accident.
But I'm not Matty Matlock.
I'm Madeline Kingston.
and my daughter died
of an opioid overdose
because you took a
study out of discovery.
- No.
- Yes. Her name was Ellie.
She left behind a baby. Alfie.
You wanted to know the
reason why I care so much?
She's the reason.
Now you know the why. Julian.
What I know is you have
been lying about everything.
You built an entire case against me.
We're going after senior.
not you. He gave the order.
Good luck. because he
is gonna shut this down.
You tell your father.
and you're behind bars.
I will make that call to
the d.O.J. With pleasure.
And you want me to work with her?
You're lucky I'm willing to work with you.
Look. we're all adults.
and we've all had to work
with people we didn't like
before. for the greater good.
so the faster we get into
it. the faster we get out of it.
- No. I-I am not...
- You don't have a choice.
All right. the plan is to get
someone to flip on your father
and say that he gave the
call to remove the study.
Here's where we're at.
What's mi186?
The bates stamp on the
study. It doesn't matter.
It's just what I named the folder.
Which you're keeping on your phone?
Encrypted with three-factor ID.
Look. we know that senior made
the decision to remove the study
when he was in an opera box in Sydney.
He was with Debra Palmer
and two other people.
We haven't identified who
those other people are yet.
Well...
Have you checked with the travel
agent who booked the tickets?
No record. And there's nothing
on the Jacobson Moore expense reports.
If my dad's doing something secretive.
he'd use his personal
travel agents. the leveys.
I know the daughter. Nora.
I can call her.
- Okay. Now...
- Okay.
See what happens when we collaborate?
I'm willing to move forward.
But if you're not going to jail...
I want restorative justice.
I need you to apologize to my family
and to accept responsibility
for what you've done.
because your decision
cost us everything.
My decision had nothing to
do with your daughter's death.
He's processing. I'll get him there.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Isn't that your happy scarf?
- It is indeed.
And I'm wearing it today
because Julian is not getting my goat.
And how do you plan to
keep him away from your goat?
It's called compartmentalizing.
This entire time. I've
known what Julian did.
and I've been able to
interact with him just fine.
So. I just...
Keep on interacting.
I'm worried about your circulation.
No need to worry about anything.
I've got my feelings in a drawer.
and the drawer's closed.
Until he takes responsibility
and Olympia gets us our apology.
I'm not apologizing.
I didn't... kill her daughter.
Matty is starring in
her own Greek tragedy
and forcing us to play
along. Hurry up. kids.
Julian. she is a grieving mother.
I'm perfectly fine.
Well. you are snapping those buttons
like you're about to storm normandy.
Because I'm getting
my aggression out here.
so that. when I see Julian.
I won't punch his entitled. gap-year jaw.
Matty is certifiably insane.
Olympia. Kat and court. if
you two aren't down here
in five minutes. no
screens this weekend.
All right. just take the temperature down.
She's not insane. you're not a murderer.
and I have the kids this weekend.
so no screens means
you're punishing me.
My god.
- Well...
- I have to call Matty.
My god.
What?
Billy's taking the severance package.
He's not coming back to the office.
- Does Sarah know?
- Yeah. I know.
He called me last night.
A-Are you doing okay. darling?
Yeah. Honestly. it's a
perfect time for him to bail.
I was already pivoting
to Julian's team anyway.
Heard Olympia called up a floater.
I hope you guys get
someone really great.
Heads up.
Man. this is not the
impression I wanted to make.
Good to see you. Sarah.
Stoked to be sharing an office.
Do I know you?
Latte with oat milk.
Wait.
You're the barista from
the coffee bar downstairs?
Nope. Second year
unassigned associate.
formerly in the floater pool.
called up for the majors. Hi there.
You must be Matty Matlock.
I must be.
You're so... tall.
Wait. I'm confused.
If you're not the barista
from downstairs. then...
Why do you always make my lattes?
Because you always ask for them.
I mean. what am I supposed to say.
"no. I'm a lawyer. not a barista"?
You're hilarious. I didn't
know your coffee order.
but I went with a cappuccino.
Extra foam.
I hope that's okay.
I love foam.
Let's go. In sync.
And I'm fired up to be on this team.
Is there anything I should know? Hacks?
Insider tips? Secret handshakes?
I'll let you two workshop that.
I'm gonna get back to Julian.
Got you a latte. Hope oat milk's okay.
Sure. Thanks.
And where do you stand on gossip?
Because I can keep it to a zero.
or I can tell you about the new guy
who's working for Matty and Olympia
who is totally gonna drive them crazy.
Dealer's choice.
Please. spill.
Olympia and Matty's new
associate is a total bro.
- Possibly even a bro-ski.
- No.
How bro does he go?
There's a non-zero
chance he replaces a desk
with a foosball table.
Olympia is gonna lose her mind.
And I can assure you. I plan
to leave it all out on the court.
And in the court.
- Great.
- It is great. I'm pumped.
Let's focus on the
case. Are you caught up?
Not into small talk. I see you.
and I raise you a quick summary.
Your client... I mean. our
client... Louise pullinski.
is a home health care worker.
She was taking care of ray Mercer
when he died of a g.I. Bleed.
Dude was on blood thinners.
which juiced the flow for an aspirin od.
and now. Louise is charged
with man-two and 15 years.
That's about it.
- In a nutshell.
- Can you go wait for Louise
in reception. and then take
her to the conference room?
- Yes. ma'am.
- Thank you.
Very different energy to Sarah.
who would kill for a second chance.
We'll give him a first chance. One case.
Hi there. Miss me?
What would be the
point of us answering?
You'll know we're lying.
I'm here to help you
ladies win your case.
You just lost big in Dallas.
now you're looking for a w
because Lamar and Olson
might not want an
in-house jury consultant.
Flick that little chip off your shoulder.
Olympia. Merger's happening. people are
jockeying for position.
Why would you turn
away a free jury consultant?
Sometimes. you have to work
with somebody you don't like
for the greater good.
I love helping people.
That's why I became a home
health care worker. and...
Ray was one of my most
heartbreaking patients.
Super active man before he got ms.
hated being confined to a wheelchair.
Did he ever take that
frustration out on you?
We got along great. I
mean. don't get me wrong.
he could be ornery. but
I didn't take it personally.
The night ray died. you had
to get to your son's recital?
I didn't have to. I wanted to.
Could you take notes?
But you couldn't leave
until he was asleep. correct?
Is that why you gave him excedrinol pm?
I did not give that to ray.
I knew it had aspirin. and
ray wasn't allowed aspirin.
Could you have
accidentally given ray aspirin?
Absolutely not.
Great job.
Any suggestions?
I like the straightforward delivery.-
but I'm gonna need
the hair back. no jewelry.
and maybe a granny sweater.
drab tone. ideally a little pilled up.
I'm sure Matty can lend you one.
Don't worry. I let it roll
off my drab. pilled-up back.
And lose the perfume.
I'm not wearing any.
Really? 'Cause I'm getting notes of...
Christmas tree at a dentist's office.
Yeah. I don't care. Whatever it is.
ditch it. We don't need to give the jury
any reason to dislike
you. even subliminally.
So that's what this all comes down to?
Whether or not the jury likes me?
No.
Remember.
we're also giving them somebody
else to point the finger at.
What made you hire
Ms. Pullinski to take care
- of your brother?
- She was warm.
Wasn't worried when I told
her ray could get a little...
Well. mean.
She said she'd worked
with all types of people.
"If they were mean.
meant they were in pain."
Honestly. Louise seemed like an angel.
Excedrinol pm was found
in Ms. Pullinski's purse
the night ray died. Had
you seen this before?
Yes. A few months before.
I stayed over at Ray's place.
and I couldn't sleep. and
Louise offered me one.
No further questions.
Ms. Mercer. did you ever see Louise
give your brother excedrinol pm?
Or any product containing aspirin?
- No.
- And isn't it a fact
that your brother was under your
care the weekend before he died?
He was. yes.
And given how mean
your brother was. well...
You were the beneficiary of
his insurance policy. correct?
- Objection. Inflammatory.
- Withdrawn.
Isn't it possible
that ray could've taken
something with aspirin in it
over the weekend that
he was under your care?
No.
Because of ray. I had a rule
not to keep aspirin in my house.
Bad news.
Jury's with the prosecution.
- Hoping there's a "but."
- There's a "but."
Ray's sister was lying on the stand.
About what?
I don't know. That part's your job.
Okay. so what did Kate lie about
and how are we going to prove it?
Well. let's assume it's the aspirin.
She gave ray something.
maybe for the insurance money.
- like you said.
- We need some sort
of corroboration to help build a bridge
from motive to means and opportunity.
I have a strong idea.
just hang on one second.
Bridge...
Sorry. Bridge is one of those words
that's hard to get out right.
Bridge...
Thanks.
I have dysgraphia. Not
used to taking notes by hand.
Okay. done. We should talk to Doris.
- Who is Doris?
- Kate's housekeeper.
She ghosted Louise after ray died.
and there has to be a reason. right?
And you learned this from...?
Louise. We vibed in the lobby.
Louise and Doris were tight
because Doris cleaned for ray. too.
They had the same
boss. same complaints.
Not that I have any complaints.
You've been a stellar boss so far.
Thank you and continue.
Well. Louise was just
saying how she's already lost
so many friends because of
the accusation. including Doris.
And Louise told you all this in the lobby?
Yeah. my mom says I
have "therapy dog energy."
People open up. Anyways.
I called Doris. and
she did not want to talk.
So. I sent her a draft subpoena.
A little scary letter saying
a big scary letter might be next.
Like an accidentally-on-purpose text.
I know what it is. We just
have never sent it as a threat.
I just figured. why not try?
You know. you miss 100%
of the shots you don't take.
And did you make your shot?
She'll be at the office at 2:00.
She might give us something.
If not. we spend 30 minutes
with a lady named Doris.
Win-win.
So. hunter. I apologize for asking you
to take notes by hand.
I had no idea about your dysgraphia.
Well. how could you?
I didn't say anything.
If we hear something important.
can you type it up so we'll have a record?
Heck yeah. 'Cause autocorrect.
Sweet. So. you do your
thing. I'll do my little old lady bit.
and I'll snap Doris clean in two.
Afternoon.
My god.
You look exactly like
my sister-in-law. belinda.
My name is Matty Matlock.
- Whoa. You sound like her. too.
- Well...
I hope I do belinda proud.
Would you refuse to invite
me to your rehearsal dinner
because I'm a housekeeper?
Belinda is a raging bitch.
I didn't even want to go.
Surf and turf. shrimp tower. Big deal.
Well. how about me?
Who do I remind you of?
The guy in those j.Crew catalogs.
Ha. I wish.
Never did j.Crew. Just lands' end.
J.crew's. like. the best of the best.
You were a lands' end model?
I had to pay for law school. right?
Heritage cotton half-zip sweater.
I still get a discount.
Happy to share it with you.
Well. that'd be bribing the witness.
Buzzkill belinda over here.
So how come you ghosted Louise?
She really misses you.
I've worked for Kate for eight years.
Ray gave her more than
her share of migraines.
but she loved the guy.
And she thinks Louise killed him.
So what am I gonna do?
Disrespect my boss like that?
Yeah. That's a tough spot.
Yeah. if you trust Kate.
What do you mean by that?
Well. we think she's angling
for a big payday in civil court
for the death of her brother ray.
and she's setting up
Louise to take the fall.
- Kate loved her brother.
- According to you.
She was at his Beck and call.
She ran herself so ragged.
- Migraines. of course.
- They were serious.
What did she take for them?
Ziranel.
Kate takes it for her migraines.
and the main ingredient
is. yes. you guessed it...
Aspirin.
And she swore under oath
that she never had it in her house.
That must've been
the lie that shae caught.
So. Kate could've given ray
the aspirin. or he took it himself.
Can you order a second tox screen
for the barbiturates in ziranel?
I already pulled the trigger. ma'am.
Okay. good.
If it turns up in Ray's
system. Louise is off the hook.
Sorry to interrupt. Can
we talk for a minute?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
You should stay. Matty.
Yeah. Thank you.
Nora levey got back
to me. I have the names
of the two other people
in the Sydney opera box.
You're kidding. That's
great. Who was there?
Keith and Dixie Carlson.
Keith Carlson is still on
the board of wellbrexa.
- We'll research the wife.
- No. I already did.
And she's not his wife
anymore. They divorced.
And look what else I found.
See that token?
That's a five-year token.
She's in recovery.
I wasn't sure because
it only says. "five years"
- and "recovery" on it. so...
- Julian.
- Just...
- Okay.
She's got a ton of
pictures geo-tagged to this
one church where they hold
narcotics anonymous meetings.
Goes to the same one. every day.
- I'll strike up a conversation...
- About what?
They'll sniff you out a mile away.
I should make the approach.
I did the legwork.
And I understand addiction.
And...
Actually. you know what?
We should go together.
You're right. You did the legwork.
You should see the results.
Did they say what they
were meeting about?
No.
- Sure you don't want a slice?
- Positive.
This is hunter.
Nah. bro. Billy's not here anymore.
You're good. Okay. Bye.
This is not a Chuck E. Cheese.
Pizza or games. Not both.
That meeting ends any second.
and I have a lot of work
to get done with Julian.
Walk in with humility.
sit down and don't share.
Nobody ever shares
at their first meeting.
And if anybody asks. which they won't.
you're three months sober.
I-I think I got it.
Hey.
This is a sacred space.
Some of those people in there
are hanging onto their sobriety
like the edge of a building.
so don't go in there and
stomp on their fingers
because you saw an
after-school special once.
I wasn't going to.
The goal here is to establish a presence.
win her trust.
It's a long game. We
don't want her spooked.
Yes. dear leader.
That is the plan as I
have greatly understood it.
For the love of god.
turn off your phone.
I know who you are. and
I know why you're here.
I'm sorry. I'm not. I'm not sure what...
What I'm talking about?
- Yeah.
- You're a lawyer from Jacobson Moore.
Sent by my ex-husband to spy on me.
- That's not why I'm here.
- You need to leave.
Excuse me? I'm Julian's sponsor.
- Is there a problem?
- There is.
My ex-husband has been
hounding me with his big-shot lawyers
ever since I re-opened our
divorce settlement last year.
- And you think he's one of them?
- I know he is.
I saw his face every year on the
marks ton family Christmas card.
Well. here's what you missed
in those Christmas cards.
I was usually photoshopped
in because I was passed out
on someone's couch or in a bar or...
Washington square park.
I woke up there once. lying
next to a homeless man.
Someone left him a
five-dollar bill. and I stole it.
Literally stole from a homeless man.
And you'd think that would've
been rock bottom. but it wasn't.
And neither was losing my marriage.
That just made me want to use more.
to forget how I destroyed my life.
My son...
That's what finally brought
me in here. because he said...
he wished I would just die already
because then my family
wouldn't be wondering.
every time the phone rang.
if this was gonna be the call.
I'm sorry. I shouldn't
have questioned you.
It's just. I h... I have a history
with these people. and...
Okay. everyone. let's get started.
Dr. Chalmers. what did your
autopsy of ray Mercer reveal?
That the gastric hemorrhage
which led to his death
was attributable to the
high level of salicylates
found in his tissue samples.
In layman's terms.
a large dose of excedrinol pm killed ray?
Objection. Misleading.
prejudicial. and inappropriate.
I'll rephrase.
Could a dose of excedrinol pm
account for the high level of salicylates
that caused ray Mercer to die?
Yes. it could.
No further questions.
Dr. Chalmers. from the autopsy.
can you say when or how aspirin
came to be present in Ray's blood?
No. I can't.
Because salicylate
saturation is cumulative. right?
Or. in layman's terms.
you can't tell if ray died from one dose
on the day he was with
my client. or multiple doses
over the weekend when
he was in his sister's care?
That is correct.
Or even dozens of tiny
doses over many months?
It's all possible... Exactly.
No further questions.
That tox screen better work out.
That was great. Dixie
was apologizing to me.
Next time. we ask her for coffee.
commiserate about my dad.
Where'd you get the story?
My best friend from law school.
horrible cocaine addiction.
Lasted years. Put his family through hell.
What's the problem?
Please take me home.
You should've heard him.
He doesn't just
understand. he over stands.
Well. at least his over standing
is what's kept the whole Dixie lead alive.
Well. that's not the point.
No. the point is you're
compartmentalizing.
You try staring into his face
when he won't take accountability.
I don't care what he does.
It won't bring my daughter back.
Look. I miss her every day.
But I have also forgiven myself
for what I could've done
or what I should've done with Ellie.
I have accepted the
things that I cannot change.
I'm not there yet.
I have to accept that Julian
is never going to take responsibility.
And work with him
as little as possible.
No. I can't win for
losing with her. Olympia.
She's mad if I don't understand.
she's mad if I do understand.
Anyway. tricky client. I'll talk to you later.
- Anything I can help with?
- No. I'm fine.
Are you sure?
Because tricky clients are my specialty.
- Just give me some space. Sarah.
- Sorry.
All right. tox screen. make
our dreams come true.
Scroll down. maddy Max.
Barbiturates. where you at?
Got it. No barbiturates found.
Bummer.
Huge bummer. Means no ziranel.
Kate's off the hook.
But wait. look down two rows.
Salicylate found in Ray's
blood is methyl salicylate.
What's methyl?
That's. like. wintergreen. right?
Christmas tree.
In a dentist's office.
Damn.
Well. let's go tell the boss lady.
Okay.
The wintergreen smell?
I mean. it's part of my homemade balm.
It helps with the pain for my patients.
And did you use that balm on ray?
Yes. all the time.
I'm sorry. Did I do something wrong?
Wintergreen oil contains
methyl salicylates.
Like aspirin. it's a blood thinner.
And they can be absorbed
through the skin into the bloodstream.
My god.
It was me?
I killed ray.
I can't believe my balm
killed him. I mean. I'm so sorry.
- I'm sorry.
- No. No. you're not.
You... you are calm.
you're understanding.
but you're never sorry.
Unlearn that word. And we'll also
have to make a few more tweaks.
- What?
- Okay. slow down.
Everything is going to be okay. Louise.
Legally. this does not change our case.
You had no reason to believe
that your homemade balm
would carry any risk to a
patient on blood thinners.
And neither would any
reasonable home health aide.
If we prove that.
we prove you didn't act
with any requisite intent
for second-degree manslaughter.
But what I did killed him.
We can't put her on the stand.
Do I have the jury without her testimony?
I understand what you're
saying legally about intent.
but that is a technicality.
I can't look his sister in the face.
and sidestep responsibility.
I am responsible.
Louise. the good news is.
you won't have to look her in the face.
Kate won't be in court.
since she's a witness.
And after the trial.
when everything's settled.
you absolutely should apologize.
It won't bring her brother back.
but I can promise you.
hearing your remorse...
Well. it'll mean something to her.
But until the trial is over.
you have to tuck that
remorse in a drawer
and slam it shut.
So it was on your watch.
and due to your actions.
that ray died. Is that correct?
It is.
My homemade pain balm contained
a small amount of wintergreen oil.
I've used it on many
patients. with zero side effects.
Other health care
workers have asked for it.
I have texts going back years.
But... Ray was a long-term patient.
and I-I guess. over time. it... built up.
I miss ray.
And I'm devastated that he's dead.
But I had no reason
to be aware of any risk.
If I was. I would never
have disregarded it.
Could go either way.
We talked about this.
Sorry. No talking while I
enter. or while you're working.
Trying to remember.
I'll take it.
- Where's Matty?
- Unsure.
Some personal thing. she said.
Hey. there.
I'm not here to stir up trouble.
Julian and I talked.
and he's agreed to find another meeting.
And. I just wanted to apologize...
I was hoping that you would come back.
Or-or Julian. I...
I feel so badly.
My ex-husband served
me divorce papers
at the meeting I used to
go to. and I had to switch.
I'm no stranger to the old meeting swap.
My husband. may he rest
in no peace whatsoever...
cheated on me with
my favorite moderator.
No.
Yes.
And that's what she was screaming
when I found them in flagrante
in the church basement.
Would you like to grab a cup of Joe
that hasn't been sitting out since 1997?
Yes.
Of course it's all right. Dixie.
I understand triggers.
Okay. Take care.
Good.
That makes me feel better.
Especially since he's newly sober.
Yeah.
In and out for years.
His dad sounds like a piece of work.
Did you spend much time with him?
Couple of weekends a year.
Side effect of being a plus-one
to the board chair of
a fortune500 company.
Julian gave me the history.
So. you know?
Your ex was on the board of
the big opioid company. Yeah.
I looked him up.
I-I just want to be honest.
I carry a lot of guilt over that.
Why I started popping
pills. on my private jet.
I never miss a meeting.
I make myself hear the stories.
It's my amends. I guess.
And it's always the wrong
people who feel guilty.
But you said it yourself.
you're just a plus-one.
Hey. you.
I heard you were back.
And working with Olympia.
Well. jury's deliberating.
You know. turns out our client did it.
so it'll come down to compassion.
Hoping they have lots for
her and none for the dead guy.
How's your dad?
He's threatened bodily
harm to physical therapists.
speech therapists and.
occupational therapists.
Good. means he's doing better.
So you think he'll be back soon?
That's the plan.
And he'll be running the office.
you know. when this
merger happens. right?
So you're worried about your job.
- No. that's not why I'm asking.
- Come on.
Thought you were all
about telling the truth.
Sorry. shae. I got to
go. The kids are here.
Your dad and I are
young and we are healthy.
and we are not dying anytime soon.
But grandpa was fine. and then
suddenly he was in the hospital.
You're right. what happened
to grandpa was scary.
but he-he is way. way older than us.
Harry Potter's parents died.
Well. your mom and I are
much better at defensive magic.
Look.
we can never know for
sure what's going to happen.
but your dad and I are in excellent shape.
And we are not pissing
off any powerful wizards.
- Okay?
- Okay.
- Can we get more screen time?
- No.
But. maybe some ice
cream on your way home.
Deal. Pleasure doing
business with you. counselor.
Deal. Wonderful.
Everyone feeling better?
- Yes. Thank you for bringing them here.
- Good. Yeah.
Ice cream. and then I will
see you at the brownstone.
Sounds good.
- Bye. - Later.
- Bye.
That's normal. right?
So normal.
I mean. they were younger
when my dad passed.
They're processing in a deeper way.
Which is what needs to happen.
Yeah.
And that is the natural order. right?
Grandparents go before parents.
Parents before their kids.
But when it's out of order...
I can't imagine losing one of them.
Don't even go there.
But that is what Matty's gone through.
And it was opioids that took her child.
So. to work with you. and
you show no remorse...
For killing her daughter?
You're hung up on a technicality
that's sidestepping any responsibility.
No. Julian. you did not kill her daughter.
but if you had said no to your dad.
if that study was made public earlier.
I'd bet that it could have
saved someone's daughter.
Or some kid's parent.
What you did had a real life effect.
Can't you apologize for that?
No.
But... I'll say it anyway
so we can finish this.
Hi. Alfie.
I'm... We met once.
at the firm. I'm Julian.
I know who you are.
I'll go get my grandma.
Seeing him...
I think I've been trying to not let it in.
You know. keep the reality
separate from what I did.
because if I take. if I take it in...
What. what did I do?
I am so. so...
I am so sorry. Matty.
I am so. so sorry.
Will the jury please enter
the verdict into the record?
On the charge of manslaughter
in the second degree.
we find the defendant.
Louise pullinski... Not guilty.
This court is adjourned.
You were a great help. hunter.
and I'm sorry I underestimated you.
You underestimated me?
Well. then. you covered
well. 'cause I did not feel it.
So. listen. we have
a big case coming up.
and we'd like you to stay through it.
As long as we come
up with a handshake.
Four steps minimum. six if
we're playing on hard mode.
- Okay.
- I say. I say we go fist bump...
- blow it up...
- Blow it up.
Sneaky pinky. walk it
through. walk it through.
walk it... behind the back...
then a little shoulder bump.
shoulder bump. There it is.
Can I come in?
Yeah... Was just finishing
up the dawes contract...
Thanks.
And...
Look. I'm sorry for how I
spoke to you the other day.
I have been under stress
and I took it out on you.
You okay?
This. this has nothing to do with you.
I was just... watching them.
W-We can do our own handshake.
It's not the handshake.
It's just getting replaced so quickly.
And then. Billy. leaving the way he did.
I guess I just didn't realize how important
my work family was to me.
probably because my
own family life is a mess.
which has me thinking about
looking for my birth parents.
which is crazy. and... Sorry.
The point is. all of these things
that I have tried to keep separate
are collapsing together.
And this has nothing to do with you
and it will not happen again.
Ooh.
I didn't know you were adopted.
I am.
And you never tried to
find your birth parents?
- Look. you don't have to try...
- No. no. I know I don't have to. but...
Let's learn each other. like you said.
You know. we might not
have a secret handshake.
but I know how lucky I
am to be working with you.
Thank you.
You want a secret
handshake. too. don't you?
It just seems cooler than a robot dance.
Hey. Thanks for coming.
You just caught me
at a bad time last night.
I was just calling to clear something up.
Earlier. I was asking about your
father because of my job. yes.
But also. because I
genuinely care for him.
He has been incredibly
important to me. in my life.
And that is the truth.
Somehow. you've always
been the only person in the world
who truly seems to like my father.
And what I don't understand is why.
I hated my life at mckinsey.
and it got even worse when
I was assigned to wellbrexa.
The dudes there treated
me like wallpaper. Or worse.
And yeah. your dad is
flawed. but he also saw me.
and believed I was valuable
when no one else did.
I don't know where Julian is.
And those are for my kids.
Except... you just called
Rosie and asked her
to take them out for pizza.
Julian's on his way.
He texted me while you
were yapping about pepperoni.
- Wait. Julian texted you?
- Stop smiling.
I'm not friends with the
guy. I can work with him.
Hopefully. he gets us
that information from shae.
Meaning you know
what he's working on?
Olympia. I always know.
You can take that.
No. I can't.
You sure?
It's just shae.
She probably feels bad because
she was a little mercenary
about my father.
Speaking of mercenary...
you and shae were
pretty close. weren't you?
- How much do you know about...
- The sex part. -Copy.
Is there anything there
you can use to ask her a question?
Since she feels badly already?
Worked with Dixie.
What do you mean. it worked with Dixie?
You said it yourself.
you're just a plus-one.
Sure. but... but I keep
replaying things that I
could have done differently.
Yeah. because you're a good person.
You think those wellbrexa
guys are replaying
what they could have done differently?
Maybe Milton.
- Milton?
- I didn't know the guy.
but I heard my husband say
that he was raising an alarm
and needed to be "bought or buried."
Who the hell is Milton?
I don't know.
I couldn't push it. I didn't
want to lose the lead.
You telling her about Milton?
Sure am. Did you get it?
Sure did.
I forgot how rough it
was for you back then.
I have a faint memory of some asshat
named Milton yelling at you?
There was no Milton.
but they all yelled at me.-
and called me juvenile nicknames and...
Left me out of their inside
jokes and secret codes.
What kind of secret codes?
Okay. you laugh.
but I spent weeks trying to
figure out what "lv109" was
because it came up in every group email.
Turns out "lv" was Las Vegas.
"109" was the last three
numbers of the zip code
of their favorite strip club.
Yeah. they thought they were so clever.
So maybe Milton isn't a person.
Exactly. It's a place.
Milton. Massachusetts.
My god. The number on the study.
Maybe it's not a-a bates stamp.
What's the zip for Milton?
02186.
Maybe the study was
done at a lab in Milton.
- Search for...
- Behavioral science labs.
There's only one in Milton.
Martex behavior lab. but it's closed.
Well. we have to find the
scientist who worked there.
because if Milton had
to be "bought or buried."
we might have a whistleblower.
Captioning sponsored by and Toyota.
Captioned by media access
group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm